[Workers for Platforms] Fixes, feedback (#13814)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cloudflare-for-platforms/workers-for-platforms/get-started/user-workers.md

---
pcx_content_type: how-to
title: Uploading User Workers
weight: 3
layout: wide
---

# User Workers

[User Workers](/cloudflare-for-platforms/workers-for-platforms/reference/how-workers-for-platforms-works/#user-workers) contain code written by your end users (end developers). 

> ## Uploading User Workers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Upload User Workers
```

> Uploading User Workers to a namespace is supported via wrangler and the Cloudflare API. Workers uploaded to a namespace will not appear on the Workers & Pages section of the Cloudflare dashboard, instead they will appear in a namespace under the [Workers for Platforms](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/workers-for-platforms) tab. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Uploading User Workers to a namespace is supported via wrangler and the Cloudflare API. Workers uploaded to a namespace will not appear on the **Workers & Pages** section of the Cloudflare dashboard. Instead, they will appear in a namespace under the [Workers for Platforms](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/workers-for-platforms) tab. 
```

> To run workers uploaded to a namespace, you'll need to create a [dispatch Worker](/cloudflare-for-platforms/workers-for-platforms/reference/how-workers-for-platforms-works/#dynamic-dispatch-worker)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run Workers uploaded to a namespace, you will need to create a [dispatch Worker](/cloudflare-for-platforms/workers-for-platforms/reference/how-workers-for-platforms-works/#dynamic-dispatch-worker)
```

with a [dispatch namespace binding](/workers/wrangler/configuration/#dispatch-namespace-bindings-workers-for-platforms). 

> ### Via wrangler

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Via wrangler

```

Uploading user Workers is supported through [wrangler](/workers/wrangler/) by running the following command:

```sh
$ npx wrangler deploy --dispatch-namespace <NAMESPACE_NAME>
```

> For simplicity, we reccomend starting with wrangler when  [getting started](/cloudflare-for-platforms/workers-for-platforms/get-started/configuration/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For simplicity, start with wrangler when [getting started](/cloudflare-for-platforms/workers-for-platforms/get-started/configuration/).
```

---
pcx_content_type: how-to

> title: Uploading User Workers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Upload User Workers
```

weight: 3
layout: wide
---

# User Workers

[User Workers](/cloudflare-for-platforms/workers-for-platforms/reference/how-workers-for-platforms-works/#user-workers) contain code written by your end users (end developers). 

## Upload User Workers

> Uploading User Workers to a namespace is supported via wrangler and the Cloudflare API. Workers uploaded to a namespace will not appear on the **Workers & Pages** section of the Cloudflare dashboard. Instead, they will appear in a namespace under the [Workers for Platforms](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/workers-for-platforms) tab. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can upload user Workers to a namespace via either Wrangler or the Cloudflare API. Workers uploaded to a namespace will not appear on the **Workers & Pages** section of the Cloudflare dashboard. Instead, they will appear in a namespace under the [Workers for Platforms](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/workers-for-platforms) tab. 
```

> To run Workers uploaded to a namespace, you will need to create a [dispatch Worker](/cloudflare-for-platforms/workers-for-platforms/reference/how-workers-for-platforms-works/#dynamic-dispatch-worker)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To run Workers uploaded to a namespace, you will need to first create a [dispatch Worker](/cloudflare-for-platforms/workers-for-platforms/reference/how-workers-for-platforms-works/#dynamic-dispatch-worker)
```

accurate?

with a [dispatch namespace binding](/workers/wrangler/configuration/#dispatch-namespace-bindings-workers-for-platforms). 

> ### Via wrangler

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Upload user Workers via Wrangler
```

Uploading user Workers is supported through [wrangler](/workers/wrangler/) by running the following command:

```sh
$ npx wrangler deploy --dispatch-namespace <NAMESPACE_NAME>
```
For simplicity, start with wrangler when [getting started](/cloudflare-for-platforms/workers-for-platforms/get-started/configuration/).

> ### Via API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Upload user Workers via the API
```

> Since you will be deploying Workers on behalf of your users, uploading user Workers will happen through [Workers for Platforms script upload APIs](/api/operations/namespace-worker-put-script-content). This is the same as our [Worker upload API](/api/operations/worker-script-upload-worker-module), but it will upload the Worker to a [dispatch namespace](/cloudflare-for-platforms/workers-for-platforms/reference/how-workers-for-platforms-works/#dispatch-namespace) instead of to your account directly. 

Reviewer 3: this first sentence could maybe be a little more clear, maybe emphasizing that "to have more control over the upload process, you will likely want to use the WfP upload APIs directly instead of Wrangler"

> Since you will be deploying Workers on behalf of your users, you will likely want to use the [Workers for Platforms script upload APIs](/api/operations/namespace-worker-put-script-content) directly instead of wrangler to have more control over the upload process. The Workers for Platforms script upload API is the same as our [Worker upload API](/api/operations/worker-script-upload-worker-module), but it will upload the Worker to a [dispatch namespace](/cloudflare-for-platforms/workers-for-platforms/reference/how-workers-for-platforms-works/#dispatch-namespace) instead of to your account directly. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Since you will be deploying Workers on behalf of your users, you will likely want to use the [Workers for Platforms script upload APIs](/api/operations/namespace-worker-put-script-content) directly instead of Wrangler to have more control over the upload process. The Workers for Platforms script upload API is the same as the [Worker upload API](/api/operations/worker-script-upload-worker-module), but it will upload the Worker to a [dispatch namespace](/cloudflare-for-platforms/workers-for-platforms/reference/how-workers-for-platforms-works/#dispatch-namespace) instead of to your account directly. 
```
